Update pull_request_template.md (#3)
cloudfactory/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

**Component Name:**
<!--- Explain what changes or new features/components are introduced.
eg: A new module/plugin/task/feature.
Note: If you feel, service-version/config-version is not required, specify not required
eg: - [ ] Update Config version (Not required)
-->

> - [ ] Add Changelog
> - [ ] Update Service version
> - [ ] Update Config version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 🗄️ I have added the Changelog  
- [ ] 📦 I have updated the Service version 
- [ ] 🔧 I have updated the Config version 
- [ ] ⚡ I have tested performance of lambda api endpoint using Jaeger trace
```
